[Music]
see somebody helped me that's what this
is all about they see the world in a way
I don't know I want to see it
we go down there now of the ship it has
been fun riding with you
[Music]
I started filming our stories so we
would have it but it became about so
much more reminded the truck this was by
far the ugliest mustard I've ever seen
what where did that phrase come from
it's not my grandpa used to say he
worked in a delicatessen
hello yeah it's been a while not much
how about you I'm not sure why I come I
guess I really just wanted to talk to
you and I was thinking maybe later on we
could get together for a while it's been
such a long time and I really miss your
smile
[Music]
don't wanna change your life
but there's a one way and the stars
around and a billion love to see it
sometimes it sometimes you just can't
say goodbye what I'm Donnell is bigger
than you tell me where the damn oil
fields are I've already been on the
wrong side of taking what people need
tell them they're making more enemies
than friends out here
and we got more bullets so we know what
to do with
when I'm doing careful
we're doing right
you
[Music]